hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of the movie mid-summer
it is a 2019 psychological drama
directed by ari astor who gave us
hereditary
the film is centered on a bunch of
students visiting halsingland for the
midsummer celebration which occurs once
every 90 years
while the cinematography and depiction
of one's struggle with grief are both
fantastic
the character development is quite poor
before
explaining the story i request you to
everyone subscribe to my
channel and hit the bell icon so you
don't miss our upcoming videos
[Music]
dani is in a toxic relationship with her
emotionally absent boyfriend
christian just as he's about to break up
with her
danny's sister kills both her parents
and herself using elaborate piping from
the car's exhaust to pump carbon
monoxide
donnie gets hurled into despair and
christian plays boyfriend for a while
more
assuming that dani would never actually
pee see
her bags he invites her to the midsummer
festival that he's been planning with
his friends mark
josh and pal films involving cults
placed at the center of the plot will
quickly identify with pel and his
hometown festival is a ritual that is
bound to include a sacrifice
unfortunately for the kids in the film
that isn't the case
dani agrees to join and they all head
out with two others connie and simon
pell is part of the cult that needs
outsiders for their ceremony and he
herds the sheep for the slaughter
the group is joined by another couple
connie and simon
and are greeted with some magic
mushrooms they trip for many hours
before dani hallucinates pretty
bad and makes a run for the woods
nothing drastic happened happens until
the group witnesses a testupa that is
still followed by the cult
the ceremony is held for anyone who
turns 72 years old and they willingly
grotesquely kill
themselves by dropping off a cliff their
fall only to be broken by a rock
the lucky one becomes a pulp and
perishes the not-so-lucky one receives a
well-aimed blow from a large mallet on
his face as he screams in the agony of
his decimated limbs
the other members of the village mimic
the pain experienced by the fall
but would each actually experience it
only if they turn 72
like any rational individual would simon
reacts by screaming
i'm getting the heck out of here little
does he know that is not an option
the members of the cult of duct and kill
him off-screen he's later found hung as
a blood eagle
ouch as connie is packing up the elders
meet her to let her know that simon took
a head start to the train station
connie is annoyed with simon for leaving
her behind but the cult soon unites her
with him in depth
also off-screen all we hear is a scream
mark casually relieves himself on a tree
that the cult considers being tied
spiritually to all of their dead
it's the equivalent of jake taking a
leak on the tree of souls in avatar
it was indeed a terrible choice of a
tree and it soon affirmed when one of
the cult women takes mark away
seductively to have him butchered
christian and josh both want to their
thesis on the harga
while josh was the first to pick it
christian leeches onto the same subject
the elders graciously allow both of them
to take notes on their culture because
they already know that no one is leaving
to get a jump on christian josh attempts
to take photographs of the cult's sacred
text which he was explicitly told not to
do
a naked man wearing mark's face and his
friend club josh to death
the love ritual in mid-summer here's the
list of steps that are followed as part
of the midsummer love ritual
a suitable virgin is identified to bear
the child of an
outsider she then collects a set of
specific flowers while walking backward
and offers them to her man
she enjoys a wet dream with the man
she's chosen and waits for the rooster
to crow the following day
she uses her pubes hair to prepare her
man a dish
she then uses her peer menstrual blood
to prepare her man a drink
the man is now up for the taking and
will make love so she can bear his child
these paintings are made by a deformed
person born of incest whom the cult
deems the oracle
the virgin's name is maha and she takes
a liking to christian
concurrently the may queen event is held
this has a whole bunch of women doing a
dance till you drop routine around the
maple and ends when only one is left
standing
a heavily drugged donny wins and is
crowned the may queen
and christian is taken through the
ritualistic food drink
and mating process in the middle of a
ring of women assisting by moaning on
dani peeps through the keyhole to
witness this and has a panic attack
other cult women mimic to participate in
her agony as her brain metaphorically
turns into goo
the end is revealed as dani is asked to
pick a person for the main act of the
ritualistic sacrifice
her choice is christian is a thank you
for the caring boyfriend that he's been
christian is drugged and sowed into an
emptied out bear and placed at the
center of the yellow tetrahedron
along with his dead friends and two
other cult volunteers
he's burned alive to make way for a
bright and prosperous next 90
years for the cult dani walks about
laughing
for the first time as she's engulfed by
the mouth of madness
it appears that this event that happens
every 90 years is meticulously planned
out
dani are christian and his friends were
not there by accident
they've been methodically tracked and
targeted by pel and his brother
for all you know danny's sister might
have been psychologically tormented by
this cult resulting in her suicide
this might have been the necessary
trigger to get donnie into the right
state of mind and bring her over to
sweden